Variation also means gay permutation Nover N..
And what that means.
Well imagine that you are a teacher and you are taking four students for exam and all class for teachers
students and also for some reason you care in what order your students go.
So for example Adam Bob David and Mike is not the same as Bob.
Adam David and Mike these are two different lineups than K is equal to four and is 42.
And number of option is defined as a k permutation over.
So before I show you the formula that is used to compute this I want to show you how you can figure
it out.
So when you are picking first students you have 42 option.
So let's right 42 than you need to pick another one and you have 41 options then another one and you
have 40 options and then you have thirty nine options.
But then you stop because you have your four students.
Right.
So the result is 42 size 41 times 40 times 39.
And I hope this kind of makes sense.
So let me show you the formula for this variation of K overon is actually and times and mine is one
times all the way up to and minus k plus 1.
And if you think about it that is exactly what I wrote here and it's 42.
And we want to get down to 39 and 39 is and minus gay plus 1.
So it actually works.
I think this should not be a problem for you when you understand permutation.
So let's move on to variation with repetition and what that means.
Well it is variation but you can pick same item multiple times.
So let's take a look at example.
Imagine that you have an logical statements how many possible ratings can these statements have.
You should know that already but I will say that anyway every expression can be true or false.
So we have two options for every expression and there can be more than one expression that is true.
And same goes with balls.
So let's say that we have one statement we get two possible outcomes.
It can be either true or false.
That should make sense but when we have another statement we multiply it by two.
Why.
Well as mentioned before it could be true or false.
So we kind of grab all the possibilities before and we get to the end zero.
And then we get to the end.
One it might sound confusing so let me show you.
Example if I add the second expression the values that get the statement that are 0 0 0 1 1 0 and 1
1.
So in this example I took all the possible outcomes of first statement that is 1 and 0.
And then I added it in front of those zero.
That way I got these two statements.
And then I added in front of these two one.
So I got these two additional ratings and all of that is the result.
All of these are possible ratings for two statements with free statements.
There should be a Dobsons.
But back to our example.
So with each statements we are multiplying current result by 2 right.
So the obvious result is two to the power of Anna.
Right.
The thing that can confuse you is that this time our An example was actually K in the formula.
These are variations with repeating.
If you have any questions feel free to ask and I will see you next time.